DOC-3209: `editor.getContent()` now includes `indent` and `entity_encoding` properties to control HTML formatting. (#3837)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.1.0-release-notes.adoc

// CCFR here.

=== `editor.getContent()` now includes `indent` and `entity_encoding` properties to control HTML formatting
// #TINY-12786

Previously, when using the {productname} `+getContent+` API, options such as `+indent+` and `+entity_encoding+` could not be overridden during the call. The editor always applied its initial configuration, which limited flexibility when retrieving content. This meant integrators were restricted to the defaults set at initialization, with no way to adjust formatting behavior per call.

> In {release-version}, the `+getContent+` API has been enhanced to support per-call overrides for `+indent+` and `+entity_encoding+`. These options can now be specified directly when invoking `+getContent+`, regardless of the editor’s default configuration. This improvement gives developers greater control over output formatting, allowing tailored content retrieval for different use cases.

Author: ```suggestion
In {productname} {release-version}, the `+getContent+` API has been enhanced to support per-call overrides for `+indent+` and `+entity_encoding+`. These options can now be specified directly when invoking `+getContent+`, regardless of the editor’s default configuration. This improvement gives developers greater control over output formatting, allowing tailored content retrieval for different use cases.
```

.Example: how to use the `+getContent+` API to retrieve content with different formatting options.
[source,js]
----
// Disable indentation
tinymce.get(0).getContent({ indent: false });

// Serialize using named entities
tinymce.get(0).getContent({ indent: false, entity_encoding: 'named' });

// Serialize using numeric entities
tinymce.get(0).getContent({ indent: false, entity_encoding: 'numeric' });

// Serialize core entities as named, others as numeric
tinymce.get(0).getContent({ indent: false, entity_encoding: 'named+numeric' });

// Output raw characters
tinymce.get(0).getContent({ indent: false, entity_encoding: 'raw' });
----

or

> .Example of configuring the editor to use named entities and disable indentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example of configuring the editor to use named entity encoding and disable indentation.
```
